- [Eugene] The hottest
level they have on the menu
(intense music playing)
- [Alexandria] Oh my God
- Oh Yeah.
(Zack screams)
- Yes.
(Ned laughing)
(Keith laughing)
- [Peter] Pain really does
release those endorphins
- Euphoria!
(upbeat music playing)
- Try Guys and Food Babies are here at
Tsujita Killer Noodle.
On Sawtelle in Los Angeles.
To try the killer noodle challenge.
- [Eugene] These are some of
the spiciest noodles in LA.
Nay the country.
- [Keith] We're gonna start out with
level zero, quite not killer.
And move our way all the
way up to six, very killer.
So killer in fact it has ghost in it.
- So like every spice
video on this channel,
I can't wait for you to see YB and me eat
all of it.
While the rest of them cry and fail.
Like cowards.
(pop music playing)
- [Peter] Hi my name is Peter.
And we're here at Killer Noodle Tsujita.
Are you guys excited to try a
killer noodle challenge today?
- [Try Guys] Yeah.
- So excited.
- Hell yeah.
- [Peter] The killer noodle was originally
founded by Mr. Tsujita back in
2011 and from that success he wanted to
bring some more concepts
into the LA areas.
So the killer noodle
challenge is really just
eating a level six.
- [Keith] So today we're gonna work our
way up to six.
We're gonna be in two teams of three.
And at any point we have to drop out.
That team loses that member.
- A lot of our customers come in
and go "Is it really spicy?"
Because a lot of cases
when they say it's spicy,
it's really not.
But here we're spicy and we mean it.
- So we each have waters here.
Water is the only thing you'd really
supposed to be drinking.
Unless you're gonna tap out.
- [Peter] So for all of
our different styles of
soup there's actually
two ways you can get it.
With soup and without soup.
Today we're gonna be eating the
without soups. Just to
give you a heads up,
It is gonna be a lot more
spicy than with the soup.
(guys groaning)
(Eugene and Keith laughing)
- So Alexandria is going up
against Keith.
Zack is going up against Ned.
And I'm going up against YB.
So whatever happens try to beat
your partner.
- [Zack] Level zero.
- [Eugene] So this is mild.
- [Peter] So we have the Tokyo
style no soup level zero.
Just to give you guys a visualization of
our numbing pepper.
This is gonna be our sansho pepper
right here.
It's gonna be before you ground it up
and this is what it's gonna look like
when it goes into the soup.
- Wow.
- You got this peanuts, you got
some scallions, you got some
minced onion it looks like or
maybe it's minced garlic.
- [Peter] Alright, number
one restaurant item is
actually the Tokyo style.
It's more of a creamy nutty taste
because of that peanut butter flavor.
- Cheers.
- Little cheers.
- Cheers, cheers.
- Oh yeah.
Oh my goodness.
- That peanut butter is really good.
- Oh it's incredible
I love the peanut butter taste.
- And it's thick noodles.
- I've never had any noodle that
has such a like peanutty sweetness to it.
- [YB] Yeah.
- And the noodles itself
are just perfect ratio.
- Perfectly cooked.
- You guys it reminds me of a Jajangmyeon.
That Korean dish.
YB you're gonna (word
bleeped out) flip over this.
- Did you say Jojo meow?
- Yes, Jojo meow.
- Jojo meow.
Thick and creamy.
And the peanut butter
really shines through.
Really reminds me a lot of Jojo meow.
- So Jajangmyeon is a
Korean-Chinese dish that
has like a
- [Alexandria] Black bean
- [Eugene] Black bean paste.
And that black bean is
[Inaudible] to this pork mixed
with the peanut butter.
Gives it a similar like
umami umptious flavor.
- Thick Pad Thai mix with ramen.
- Yeah.
I like this but I am seeing
why you need that spice.
It's missing the chili oil.
- This reminds me that there's just
a world of cuisines between
Asian cuisines.
There's Korean-Chinese food.
and this is like kind of somewhere
between Japanese and Chinese.
- When cultures meet they make
beautiful food babies.
(angelic noise playing)
- [Keith] Level one.
Beautiful.
- [YB] Different color.
- [Ned] It's getting orangey.
- [Eugene] I already taste
the spice just on the
- [Zack] No way.
- On the chopstick. Yeah.
- So good.
- That's delicious.
- Oh incredible.
- Okay.
- It brings it up.
- I see you chili oil.
- And on our spiciness side
we do use cayenne pepper and some of
our own homemade chili oil.
That's gonna be only up to level three.
We actually have up until level six.
Now, how do we get that high.
It's gonna be ghost pepper.
- Oh no.
- [Zack] Eugene, I know that your spice
tolerance is impenetrable.
- Well, ghost peppers
are tough for anybody.
It's more just me being
- Stubborn.
- Stubborn, yeah.
- [Keith] I do think it need more spice.
- [YB] I agree.
- [Keith] Even as a
little spice baby myself.
I know that the flavor
will only get better
with more chili oil.
- [Keith] I have been eating a lot
of spicy Chinese noodles in the last
couple years.
So I think I can at least get in
to the ghost pepper round.
Level four.
- [YB] Four.
- The thing is I love the spice flavor but
I got this weak Jewish belly.
My people did not eat spice for
many, many years.
- [Eugene] That's why we're bringing the
Food Babies, YB and Alexandria to
come join us.
Mainly YB.
(guys laughing)
- I believe in you Alexandria.
- Alex can not handle spice.
- I don't do well.
I think hot Cheetos are really hot.
- Oh geez.
- But I enjoy 'em
I like spice but I can't handle it.
- What is she doing here?
- Lady Keith, you're lady Keith
- I jut wanted me included
- I just wanted me included.
- This isn't about friendship.
- The flavor and the spice
I good but there's no heat.
Lots of flavor.
- The tiniest bit of heat.
- Zero heat.
- I can feel it in my throat.
- I usually eat a lot of spicy
Korean food in general.
But I don't think I'm technically
good at spice.
I think I'm just better at hiding it.
So hopefully I can make it 'til six.
- I maybe bad at Mukbangs but
I really like spicy food.
Even when it hurts me.
- [Ned] You may remember me dousing wasabi
in the sushi video.
- Level one is perfect. Everyone
can be able to handle it.
There's zero spice for me in this.
- This is my ideal spice level.
I can't handle anymore.
- This is your ideal spice level?
- We'll see how the rest goes?
- You're nuts.
- You are, you are.
- Ideal is like if I don't have to
take a sip of water between every bite
then the next one might get me there.
- [Zack] Level two.
- [Alexandria] This one looks spicier.
- [Zack] Some dusting.
- [Keith] I see the dust now.
I think I'm gonna start feeling it here.
I'm trying into level four.
- Yeah.
- I'm just being honest.
- I think you can do it.
- [Alexandria] Well I know
I'm supposed to beat Keith.
But I really wanna beat YB.
- Good luck.
- You are delusional.
- That's my one goal.
- I appreciate you shooting for the moon
but you're gonna land in like Toledo.
- Here we go.
- Cheers.
- Alright.
(intense music playing)
- [Alexandria] I feel
the heat on this one.
- Yeah.
- It's still really good.
- You can like taste it before
it even reaches your tongue.
- The flavor is starting to equal out
between peanut butter and chili oil.
- I agree.
- Oh yeah, the numb.
Here's comes the numb.
- [Peter] We do have a numbness
and the spiciness side.
The numbness comes from our
sansho peppers.
Don't get that confused
with sichuan pepper.
It does create a very numbing effect
but the key difference is
that when you drink water
it's gonna have a much more
citrusy after taste.
- Rather than kind of
metallic after taste.
- Yes.
- We get with some of this.
- That sounds nice.
- Yeah.
- You have like a tingling on your tongue.
- I kind of taste the
peppercorness through my nose.
It's more of how it breathes than
how I taste it itself.
- I do taste the citrus a little bit.
- Oh it is citrusy.
- Yeah.
- I' trying to compare it to something
that people can relate to.
Numbing
- [Camera guy] Just tingles.
- It's like an epidural for your mouth.
- [Camera woman] Alexandria
has never had an epidural.
- You don't know that.
(everyone laughing)
- I will say that the nose blowing
has begun.
- Uh oh.
- [Ned] Oh yes.
- I'm feeling good.
I'm starting to feel like
like I've got some energy.
Kinda like I have fiver hour energy
or a Red Bull.
- This is where I would
want to eat my dinner.
I'm feeling a nice thin layer of
perspiration.
A lingering heat.
Where I feel like if I breath
I can light a candle.
- It's honestly about at the same spice
as the Keith's chicken sauce.
- And now we are going to level three
which is the most popular spice level
that's ordered at this restaurant.
- [Peter] Hey guys, I've
got level three right here.
This gonna be our house standard level.
- House standard.
- Meaning if you can't
handle this you're weak.
- [Keith] Oh wow. It smells more intense.
I'm really smelling
the floral notes of the
peppercorn now.
- [YB] I feel like we're like pre-gaming.
And we're taking more and more shots
and we're getting drunker
- It does feel like we're
gonna go out to a party
where we have noodles later.
- By the time we get to the
party we'll be pretty bust.
- [Keith] We'll be spicied out.
- [Eugene] Ah so good.
- That's spicy.
- Alright, this is the last round
before ghost peppers.
- Let's enjoy.
- Let's enjoy this final moment.
- Let's try to enjoy it.
- Cheers.
- In the eye of the hurricane.
- It's still delicious.
A lot of times spice
reaches a place where
you no longer can taste or feel.
This still has tremendous flavor.
- My nose is starting to run a little bit.
- Which is great.
I've been a little congested.
- I feel like I'm in an Uber
right now going to a party
(techno music playing)
and you know when you
are kinda like tipsy
and you're talking a lot.
- How long have you lived in LA?
What part of LA are you in?
Oh cool yeah, I don't know where that is.
- Yeah this makes me excited to talk
to strangers.
- Gotta tell you right now,
It taste the most delicious.
It taste really good.
I'm starting to feel a little bit of the
a little bit of the "Hey."
I'm starting to be "Woo" over here.
Starting to sweat a little bit.
Starting to sweat, feeling good.
- I feel a bit of heat
building in my body.
Behind my skin but
I don't feel my mouth.
- Behind your skin?
- Yeah, you know when you're like
ingesting really spicy food.
- The ghost behind him.
(Keith laughing)
- So very warm.
My body's getting warm.
- Yeah, we're getting some water works
over here.
Can I get a water works checked?
- That wasn't as bad as I
thought it was gonna be.
- Easy buckets.
- Maybe I'll beat YB.
But I think after this is
when it really takes off.
Right?
- Yeah, we're about to
enter ghost pepper town.
(guys burping)
- Yeah, we're ready for the next one.
- [Peter] Alright guys, we
got level four right here.
This is gonna be where our
spicy challenge starts to begin.
It's from here that we started adding
our ghost peppers.
So be very careful.
- [Keith] Oh wow. It's smells.
Smell it.
Can you smell it?
- Oh yeah, I can smell it.
- Oh wow.
- It's gonna be a linear progression
from zero to three.
But from four, five and six it's
gonna be an exponential growth.
So be ready.
- So it does it like
this and then like that.
- Yeah, It just goes straight up.
- They say this is a religious experience.
I can feel it in my temples.
- Okay should we do this?
- Did you guys get it?
- Oh I get it.
I just got it.
- Did you get it Ned?
- Oh yeah I got it earlier
- But you didn't laugh.
- But I didn't like it.
- Thank you.
- Cheers.
- I might only get one bite here
so I'm just gonna go for it.
(intense music playing)
- Whoa.
- Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
- There she is.
- Okay, I taste it.
(Keith coughing)
- Oh wow.
Oh.
This got shivers.
- You described your food as painful,
spicy and delicious.
Why painful?
- Well that pain really does release
those endorphins.
And that creates that
euphoric effect, Right?
- Okay, so we might
experience euphoria today.
- You are.
- Zendaya, that's where we're gonna be at.
- Is is Zendaya? I thought it's Zandaya?
Zendaya?
- I thought it was Zendaya?
- Zendaya?
- Zendaya, right?
It's Zendaya, right?
- From the big foot movie?
- I see like
I see like the end of Zendaya's dress.
Like I see her turning a corner.
- This is when it's hard to breath out.
- It's not like just "Oh that's hot.".
It's like "Oh it hurts.".
But I do want more.
- [YB] It's really good.
- Oh my god this is sending me places.
Wow this is a trip.
- And it lingers a lot.
It's not going away.
It's like in my gums.
- Oh the water taste crazy.
- [YB] My tongue is like
vibrating
from the water.
- I'm sweaty.
You're sweaty.
- I'm sweating but it feels good like
I'm kinda turned on.
- Well of course, I think it's fair to say
we're all kind of turned on.
- It's like an Asian proverb.
I don't think it's fair to say that.
- You guys know the old Asian proverb
- that says like " The
most fun you can have
outside the bedroom is
the spice challenge.".
- That's probably where I would stop.
- Yeah, this would be
optimum spice level if
I'm like looking to have a good time.
- I feel like a pop star.
- You look crazy right
now. What's happening?
- I feel like a pop star
who's taking her solo.
(Keith singing)
- I wanna feel like what
- You're starting to cry.
- I wanna feel what five feels like
but I don't think I can go past five.
Even now my mouth is hot.
I feel like very euphoric.
I feel like
Hey, let's go to a party.
Which party should we go to?
I don't know.
Let's talk about it.
Let's think about.
Let's talk about it. What's
really cute for me right now
is I have simultaneous tears.
And they're like at the same place
in each eye.
They're like "Yes.".
Let's move up.
- Really?
- Let's go.
- [YB] Ready?
- Let's (bleeped word) go for it.
- Level five.
- [Zack] Level five.
- [Peter] So I got level
five right here for you guys.
As you can see,
It's gonna be a lot more
of a dense red color.
- [Zack] All that peppering is the sansho.
- [Peter] It's the sansho
and the ghost pepper.
- [Zack] Wow.
(Eugene laughing)
- Fantastic.
- [Ned] I gotta say
I'm starting to get a little nervous
about this one.
If that one's a four and this
one's a five.
- And they said it gets
exponentially crazier.
- Oh that's true.
- [Eugene] This one you can actually smell
the spice wafting off of this dish.
Which is incredible.
- Cheers.
- Clingky-clingk.
- Here we go.
(intense music playing)
(Zack screaming)
- Oh my god.
(heavy metal music playing)
(Zack laughing)
- Oh yeah.
There's a deep under current in this one.
We got a round house kick.
A tongue slap and then
- You're getting a
little moist on the face.
- Yeah.
- [Ned] I'm feeling it.
- It's good.
It's tasty.
- Oh that's real good spice.
- [Zack] Oh my god.
- Freaking good.
- The taste is still very good.
Yeah it's a different experience now.
It's painful now.
- [Zack] Swirling around.
- You know those spinners that you put
the salad in and you press the button.
Feels like someone is
doing that to my brain.
- [Camera guy] Salad spinner.
- Salad spinner?
That's what they call it?
How 'bout that?
What a straight forward name.
(xylophone music playing)
- I'm ascending.
I'm a ghost.
Oh wow, oh wow.
- Are you okay?
(YB laughing)
(slow motion)
- His face is so close to me.
- That's like the right
type of painful, you know?
- No.
(everyone laughing)
- [Zack] You're wet.
- There's an old Asian proverb that says
"You're food isn't good if
you're not sweating buckets.".
- There's an old Jewish proverb that goes
"Oy.".
(everyone laughing)
(Alexandria coughing)
- That's yeah, I'm gonna
have to tap out here.
(bell dings)
- Proud of you Keith.
- I want a popsicle please.
(YB laughing)
- [Ned] Cool down that brain fire.
- Yeah.
- It's so good though
wish I could eat more.
- It is really good.
- I want to keep going.
I fear that it is personally
irresponsible and reckless for me to
even attempt another bite.
(bell dings)
I can't believe I made it this far.
This is spectacular
but this is all I can handle.
Wow.
- The heats starting to
travel to the outside
of my mouth.
Like on my face.
- Are you okay?
- I think I got the noodles on my face.
- [Zack] Oh no. I'm very
proud of you Alexandria.
I'm like truly wildly impress with how
well you are doing
- Thank you, just gotta beat YB.
(Alexandria coughing)
- Oh yeah.
- Are you guys gonna go to six?
You gonna go for it?
- Oh yeah, let's go.
- Let's do this.
Aw.
- [Peter] Alright guys, got
the level six right here.
As you can see it's gonna
be a much more black color.
- [Eugene] The hottest
level they have on the menu.
And we are going to try
to finish our full bowl of
level six, otherwise you tap out.
- And I brought some ghost peppers just
in case you wanna [Inaudible] do it.
- Wow.
- Yes.
'Bout to off-road it.
- My scalp is sweating.
You know when you work out and
just your head is really wet.
That's where I am right now.
- [Keith] Wow, look at
that. That looks so scary.
- Alexandria, someone who has failed
almost exclusively for the past six years.
You can still get really far in life.
I own a company, I make videos,
I'm arguably equally as popular as
the other guys.
You know?
You could fail all the way to the top.
- I do agree.
This is the one thing I needed to do.
And then I'm quitting my job.
(everyone laughing)
- Cheers.
(intense music playing)
- [Keith] Keep going
Don't give up.
(intense music playing)
- Whoa.
- Oh my god.
- Oh yeah.
- Do not get this on a date.
(Ned laughing)
(Keith laughing)
- [Eugene] This is the
first one I actually feel
the spice go down my esophagus.
The way I'm gonna beat YB is
I'm only having water.
- It's got a kick to it, you know?
- I feel like I just went to a dentist
they numbed my tongue.
- Oh yeah, my mouth is just drooling.
- Same.
- Let's go. Let's go back in.
- You got this girl.
Don't give up now.
I will say you aren't the waterfall that
Eugene is right now.
- That is so
- [Zack] Oh my god.
- So spicy.
- It's like that "Key and Peele" episode
we're his just sweating balls.
- So spicy but it makes me feel so good.
- You should open up early on Sunday
and call it Sunday service.
And let people see God.
- Oh boy.
My tongue is made up of metal.
Clang, clang.
- This like swallowing fire and hell.
It's literally like lava is going down
my belly.
I feel like I'm seeing
a whole another level
of spirituality
- Oh no , don't wipe your eyes.
- (bleeped word) Well.
- Starting to get full.
- I'm full too.
I'm really full.
- I'm not full.
See, I wish I wish you had my stomach
and I have your mouth.
Oh no. now we would just be both be it,
it would be mixed up.
- I'm really, really, not doing good.
I'm debating whether to finish or not.
I don't know if I can.
I'm officially tapping out.
(bell dings)
As Zack advised I'm gonna quit.
I think I did pretty good.
- You did well.
- You've been amazing.
- I can't anymore.
- Wow, way to go.
Way to go Alexandria.
- [Ned] I will say
what is limiting me right now
is my stomach volume.
So I am going to take a
pinch of the ghost pepper.
- What?
- And count...
(Keith laughing)
- No, Ned.
- I'm making my own challenge YB.
- Ned loves bad ideas.
- Don't use your fingers.
- Oh my god.
- Yes, yes Ned.
Don't back down now.
(intense music playing)
- Oh my god.
- What do you see?
- I wanna get further away.
[Inaudible]
- Euphoria!
(Ned Screaming)
I feel like I'm looking through
a kaleidoscope right now.
My entire vision is just doing this.
Click, click.
(bell dings)
- I'll have what I'm having.
- Are you gonna finish it?
- I have to beat YB. Don't
know if she's gonna be
at the same place as me.
I just died. But if I finish
this that means YB has to
finish the whole bowl.
- You can do it YB.
We believe in you.
- Wow, wow.
You're a hero, you're a hero.
- [Keith] Show us what you got.
- [Eugene] YB, this is for you.
- [Zack] Go Eugene, go.
(intense music playing)
- I'm done.
- Okay.
- There's no more noodles.
Alright.
(bell dings)
- Look at him, look at him.
- Eugene, YB and Ned all surpassed
all expectations.
Ned did exactly what we thought he'd do
though with making a terrible decision.
(Ned screaming)
- I don't like
I just run a marathon and made love
at the same time.
Like I need cigarette and I don't smoke.
- Well, I'm proud of us.
All of us got passed level five.
- Yeah.
Zendaya is me.
- And you have reached chi.
- Bravo to the team at Killer Noodle.
You guys have made a spectacular product.
There's some in here for everybody.
- It truly is painful, delicious,
and spicy.
(Rock music playing)
- That is equilibrium.
Everything is Math.
A perfect amount of both spices.
The stinging spice, the numbing spice.
Ah.